okay now we're going to look at a my
bucket garden which is a little smaller
than in grants now I made these the way
they say to do on global buckets I
didn't get the I didn't get the
instructions from global buckets they go
to someplace else but these that's this
tomato plant in there the thing grows is
grown right now about three quarters of
an inch per day now I planted that
that's early grilled tomato I planted
that about I'd say ten days ago it was
way smaller back down as I guess you can
imagine now this next one here I
originally did plant tomatoes in that
one also but for some reason the tomato
plant didn't do too well in there so i
put i put eggplant in there instead now
i don't know if eggplant is going to
like the lime soil that i put in there
but my wife asked me to put eggplant in
there so i did this next one here I got
these buckets I don't know they were
just hanging around the house and I
didn't even notice them that they were
there but I found them and then I I
cleaned him up made this this third one
this one has got its got squashing it
it's zucchini but it's actually what
they call a fall squash which is a
variety of zucchini and
it's growing big time I just have white
plastic on top of that instead of a
cover now these next to this one and
this one I figure out which is which
right this minute but one of these has
carrots and the other one has spinach in
it now my plan is I actually planted
seeds now the plan is to just remove
those covers once that stuff starts to
come up I'm just leaving it on top
because I planted those seeds couple of
days ago and once they germinate I'll
take the top off the same with this one
but that's if those seeds well I've been
wetting them to kind of ensure that they
will come up but all we can do is hope
and these buckets are different too you
can see they're square and they're
smaller these buckets are supposedly
somewhere about three and a half gallons
and I got them from my brother he gave
them to me for free so I figured why not
use them then I i decided i would put
another tomato plant in here because i
wanted to have an italian plum tomato I
like to make spaghetti sauce so I did it
that way and I don't know why exactly
but that tomato plant just took off big
time because I only planted that a few
days ago and it's way bigger I need to
put it tomato cage on that one and then
this last one here is kohlrabi
and I'll call Robbie and you know I put
some in there a same thing I planted it
from seed so it's hard to say exactly
how well it's going to do I looked in
there earlier today and of course it
wasn't sprouted but it's only then it's
only been three or four days so I'm not
too worried about it yet if nothing
sprouts up there pretty soon I I guess
I'll go get some seedling and put that
in there instead the same for the other
two would have these lids on them so
that's my bucket garden for now I have
plans to build some kind of something
something that'll just hold these up off
the ground and also if you notice I'm
watering these from the top and
according to my brother and also grant
that's not really a very good way to do
it because they're okay now you know the
only water once every two or three days
but but once the plants start to get big
they need a whole lot more water so I
may try to do something mol automatic
than than me getting out here and
spraying water into them but I haven't
quite figured out what I want to do now
grants system is is pretty good with the
float valve and it's pretty automatic
doesn't even need any electricity so I
may do something like that but you know
I haven't quite figured out how I'm
going to handle this so that's it for
now hope you like